Update checklist for adding training data (#377)
ccao-data/model-res-avm: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/finalize-annual-model.md

    - [ ] Upload the data to the CCAO's public S3 bucket
    - [ ] Make each file in the S3 bucket public using an ACL
    - [ ] Create a link for each file under the appropriate year in the README

>     - [ ] Update the [model.training_data.py](https://github.com/ccao-data/data-architecture/pull/804/files#diff-7f936444f61f4e1d04fa586ea1d9b437c34fbbdd0fde119fb2e66fe1aeedb2ff) incremental model by running `dbt run --select model.training_data`. 

Reviewer: **[Nitpick, non-blocking]** A bit of clarification here:

```suggestion
    - [ ] Update the [`model.training_data`](https://github.com/ccao-data/data-architecture/blob/master/dbt/models/model/model.training_data.py) incremental model by running `dbt run --select model.training_data`
```

>     - [ ] Run the [`model-training_data.R`](https://github.com/ccao-data/data-architecture/tree/master/etl/scripts-ccao-data-warehouse-us-east-1/model/model-training_data.R) script to upload the training data to S3. Then run the [crawler](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/glue/home?region=us-east-1#/v2/data-catalog/crawlers/view/ccao-data-warehouse-model-crawler) to update athena.

Reviewer: **[Nitpick, required]** Let's take the AWS link out here, since it's internal only:

```suggestion
    - [ ] Run the [`model-training_data.R`](https://github.com/ccao-data/data-architecture/tree/master/etl/scripts-ccao-data-warehouse-us-east-1/model/model-training_data.R) script to upload the training data to S3. Then run the Glue crawler named `ccao-data-warehouse-model-crawler` in AWS to update Athena.
```
